https://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/to-mask-or-not-to-mask-us-divided-on-how-to-reopen-schools/5504472.html

Schools and educators across the United States are in the middle of a debate over how best to reopen schools.

The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released guidelines to assist school systems in reopening safely.
The suggestions include face coverings, or masks, and social distancing rules.

Some parents object to both ideas. They want schools to operate just as they did before COVID-19. Others are calling
for part-time school and face coverings for everyone.

An anti-mask petition

Kim Sherman is a mother of three in the city of Clovis, California. "Don't tell me my kid has to wear a mask,"
she said. Sherman said she is conservative and supports President Donald Trump.

Trump, a Republican, has called on schools across the country to fully reopen. He threatened to withhold federal
money from school systems that do not return to in-person classes in the fall. He has accused Democrats of wanting
to keep schools closed for political, not health, reasons.

Some parents have threatened to withdraw their children from school if masks are required.

Hillary Salway is a mother of three in Orange County, California. She is part of a group calling for schools
to fully open with "normal social interaction". If the school system requires masks for her son's kindergarten class,
she said, "I don't know if my son will be... in the public school system this fall."

Salway started a petition last month urging the area's school system to "keep facial expressions visually available."
And she helped organize a protest of more than 100 people outside the school system's headquarters.

Other parents have expressed similar opinions in Orange County Board of Education meeding. The five-member, elected
group supports a full return to school without masks or social distancing. Supporters argue that face coverings are
ineffective and give a false sense of security.

'I just want us to take precautions'

Democratic Governor Gavin Newsom, however, has ordered Californians to wear masks in public. The Centers of Disease
Control and Prevention says masks may help prevent infected people from spreading the virus to others. It has urged
students and teachers to wear them, especially when social distancing is not possible.
