添削！日本人英語

English is the global buisiness language and it is also the main language used at international cultural and
sporting events. The 2020 Olympics will take place in Tokyo and MEXT is committed to improving the quality of
the English language education of Japanese children from elementary through lower and upper secondary schools.
MEXT will roll out the reforms from 2014.

This book is provided in English, Japanese and Chinese. To prevent adverse publicity and/or legal action from certain groups,
accurate and fluent translation is critical. In addition, a high level of the translation is critical to have a good reviews
on Amazon's website or from other book reviews.

The original text needs to be written to a high standard of English. All type errors need to be removed, and the grammar needs
to be correct. Headings and subheadings of chapters and sections of the book need to be correct. There should not be any political
incorrect phrases or expressions, which could cause offences to particular groups in society. The inclusion of political incorrect
phrases or words could cause adverse publicity and/or legal action from certain groups and that would harm book sales. The book
needs to be correctly and accurately translated from English to Japanese, and also from English to Chinese.

In 2014 the Japanese government hosted a conference which had the objectives to improve mutual understanding of Japan and Asia
nations. Indeed, encouraging dialogue on key strategic challenges in the region was the prime objective of the conference.
Top executives in business intelligence and the international community ware assembled at the conference to gain expert consensus
on the topic.

It is not a good idea to host the Olympic Games in Japan.
Hosting the Olympic Games requires a huge sum of public and private expenditures. I do not believe the general public will happily
support the idea. In addition, not all of the tax payers are big fans of sports. Some of them may not enjoy huge sports events.
I also doubt the economic impact of the Games towards the Japanese economy. Moreover, the Japanese summer is hot and humid, which
is not an ideal environment for outdoor sports events.

Holding the Olympic Games in Japan is a bad idea. Hosting the Olympic Games is extremely expensive. For example, the final bill
for the 2012 Olympic Games was ￡24billion, which was ten times higher than the original estimate. The high cost of the event will divide
public opinion. Japan has huge national debt, and the budget deficit is increasing the debt every year. The Olympic Games is a festival
which is centered upon different sports. However, many people dislike sports and will not attend any of the events in the forthcoming
Tokyo Olympics.

On October 4th I went to a factory at Poissy to see Mr White, the operation manager. Mr White and I had a meeting for one hour at
his office. I asked him what the problem parts of the widgets are, and I also sought his advise on how to fix the problem parts.

The ABC Helper Company has been given the contract to provide solutions to the problem parts. Their deadline is the end of October.
Mr White will deliver a report on the problem parts which have been identified and the budget which has been allocated to pay the
subcontractor to provide solutions. I will provide the Executive with a full commentary on Mr White's report, including any legal
ramifications of the project.

I am pleased to say that Mr White has indicated that the workforce at Poissy have an extremely high level of morale, and are more than
happy with their remuneration and terms and conditions of employment. Next year I will visit Mr White at the Poissy factory to ensure that
the deficient parts have been corrected within the financial budget and time constraints.

Dear Friends and Colleagues,

2010 has been a very busy and eventful year. I would like to take this opportunity to reflect 2010 and to convey to you all how much I have
appreciated your hard work throughout the year.

The July network incident was one which was totally unexpected. Mr MacTavish from the Accounts department brought down the whole network
by accidently uploading a contaminated file to his computer. Kevin and Jonathan worked marvels in containing and removing the virus.
Sally and Karen did well to keep all departments aware of the situation and the time line on our resolution of the problems.

Throughout the year our company was not unique in having a whole series of attempted security breaches but with continued updating of
our software and the careful monitoring of the system I am pleased to say that 2010 went smoothly. At times it was necessary to work in
the evenings and very unsocial hours and nobody complained.

There were only 3 lost laptops by members of other teams in the company, and thanks to the new algorithm and software developed by Pete and
Louise we know that the laptops were not cracked. After we placed ￡1,000 rewards on Twitter we recovered 2 of the lost laptops. The third
laptop was found by Ms Brown in the Marketing department under a pile of papers on Mr Isaak's des, and he sheepishly admitted that he would
keep his desk tidy in the future.

The migration of the office from the Liverpool Building to the New Cambridge Building in September was well plannend but the timetable was
challenging. I would like to thank all of the team for working in shifts from Friday evening at 6:00PM until 6AM on Monday morning to
ensure that the move went as smoothly as possible. We learned a great deal from that procedure and that ensured that when we moved the
Computer Office in October we were able to have the move done in only 27 hours, without problems, which is a company record. Well done
everyone.
